freeCodeCamp English (#35258)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: mock-guide/english/html/attributes/links/index.md

---
## Links

This is a stub. <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/guides/tree/master/src/pages/html/attributes/links/index.md' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>Help our community expand it</a>.

> <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/guides/blob/master/README.md' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>This quick style guide will help ensure your pull request gets accepted</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/docs/style-guide-for-guide-articles.md' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>This quick style guide will help ensure your pull request gets accepted</a>.
```
The style guide is now found over here
